SWIFT CATEGORY 1 MESSAGE - MT103 ONLY Field Tag Field Name Required contents for Straight-through Messages :20 Transaction Reference Number Sender's Unique Number :23B Bank Operation Code Use ‘CRED’ unless otherwise specifically agreed.  :32A Value Date/Currency/Interbank Settled Amount YY MM DD  CAD Amount :33B Currency/Original Ordered Amount ccyAmount :50A or :50K Ordering Customer Definition: The customer ordering the transaction Format: A – Account # & BIC/BEI  K – Account # & Name and Address :52A Ordering Institution If required, Use only Option A If "Sending Bank" has more than 1 account in same currency with Scotiabank, message will not be a straight through, unless each account has a unique SWIFT TID. :53B Sender's Correspondent Definition: Use only where there are multiple account relationships in the currency of the transaction, between the Sender and the Receiver and one of these accounts is to be used for reimbursement.  Must contain / + 7  digit account number (no spaces). :56A Intermediary Use only Option A The SWIFT BIC of the Head Office of the Account with Institution must be included.  Leave BLANK if the "Account with the Institution" SWIFT BIC is the same or if it is the Receiving Bank (i.e. NOSCCATT). :57A Account with Institution or Definition: The financial institution at which the Ordering Party requests the Beneficiary to be paid. Format Option: SWIFT BIC alone or SWIFT BIC plus //CC + 9 digit Canadian Sort Code (no spaces) in Subfield 1.  Leave BLANK, if NOSCCATT.   :57B :57D Account with Institution or Account with Institution Use only for branches of receiver.  Must contain //CC + 9 digit Canadian Sort Code (no spaces).  Name and address of receiving branch plus //CC + 9 digit Canadian Sort Code. :59 or :59A Beneficiary Definition: The Party designated by the Ordering Party as the ultimate recipient of the funds. Format: (no letter) – Account # & Name and Address A – Account # & BIC/BEI :70 Remittance Information Definition: Information, from the Ordering Party to the Beneficiary Customer, about the reason for the payment. :71A Details of Charges BEN/OUR/SHA :71F or 71G Senders or Receivers Charges Definition: (F) currency and amount of the transaction charges deducted by the Sender and by previous banks in the transaction chain. (G) currency and amount of the transaction charges due to the Receiver. Please use as appropriate to our arrangements with your Bank. :72 Sender to Receiver Information Use of Codes /BEN/ or/REC/ will result in a non straight-through message. ®

